Update plan_and_summary.qmd (#333)
The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_project_information: project_plan_and_summary/plan_and_summary.qmd

title: "Project objectives"
order: 1
---
test

> The government has committed to building more than 40 new hospitals by 2030. The New Hospital Programme (NHP), a partnership between DHSC and NHSE, aims to ensure that this new hospital infrastructure will meet the future needs of the population and that the required investment represents value for money. 

Author: ```suggestion
The government has committed to building more than 40 new hospitals by 2030. The New Hospital Programme (NHP), a partnership between DHSC and NHS Engalnd, aims to ensure that this new hospital infrastructure will meet the future needs of the population and that the required investment represents value for money. 
```
